[SHIORI gasping]
[yelps] Hey!
I tripped and I couldn't stop!
So sorry, ma'am!
Uh? It's you.
[SHIORI]
Hi, Watanabe.
[JIRO] Akari Watanabe
and Shiori Sakurazaka.
I never dreamed these two
girls would be mixed up
into the life of a dork like me.
So, are you here to
get some luck before
we're all paired for
the marriage practical?
As if! No way!
[JIRO]
The marriage practical.
The part of our high school's
curriculum that I can
only describe as bananas
is about to begin.
Without any of our say, the
school pairs us up, and makes us
live together as a
mock-married couple.
Everyone in our class is
freaking out about it,
but I've got more important
things to worry about.
[KAMO exhales]
I'm so freaking close!
Just a little bit more and
the princess is all mine!
Do it for Chloris.
Do it for Chloris!
Hell yeah!
Enjoy that 2-D bliss
while you can, Jiro.
I wish I could still
get my rocks off
to a pixelated princess.
My rocks are on, dude,
and the crappy art lets
the mind roam free!
Look, RotoSaGa
seven just dropped
and all of its double D's
are in 3-D now!
Observe! Princess Chloris in
her multi-dimensional glory!
Woopty freakin' doo.
I just prefer the simple
innocence of her OG model.
[KAMO] I guess it does make it
easier to imagine things.
But you can't romance the
heroine in the OG, right?
[AKARI]
Yo, dweebs.
[JIRO, KAMO]
Uh?
We're trying to walk here.
[KAMO, JIRO]
Uhh...!
Anything for the beautiful,
sweet-smelling goddess,
Akari Watanabe!
She's a dime piece!
I hate girls who talk like
they're on a teen drama!
And ones that show
too much skin.
How she treats us
cements my desire
to stay as far away as
possible from her type.
Hey, Minami! How'd it go?
[JIRO]
Minami Tenjin.
One look at him
and I'm blinded by
his otherworldly
coolness factor!
I don't swing that way, but
this guy is the total package.
For shadow dwellers like us,
there's nothing viler than
a Chad-type tool bag.
Yeah, but they should
because you're, like,
the coolest ever.
You think so? You're too sweet.
[laughs]
Well, the chick ain't subtle.
From harpy to heartache
in seconds.
[bell ringing]
Aw, crap. I'll be back for
you soon, Sweet Chloris.
[sighs]
[SHIORI] Hi, Jiro. Time for
the practical! Feeling okay?
Uh...
To be honest, I'm super nervous.
You nervous, too?
Big-time, I'm not what you would
call good with the ladies.
[JIRO] The one girl I can talk
to without being weird is her,
my childhood friend
and first love.
They say your first one never
works out, and that's okay
if things between us
can stay how they are.
I get shy around strangers.
I hope that I'm paired
with a friend!
Cool, cool.
Class, I need your attention.
Eyes up front, please.
You'll each receive a partner
and a training dorm.
This is where you'll live for
the duration of the practical.
It's fully furnished, complete
with a kitchen and sensors
that will be used to monitor
you and your partner.
Installed at vantage points
around the living spaces,
these sensors will continuously
keep track of your lifestyle.
Now, the most important
part of the lesson.
[STUDENTS]
Huh?
Each space has two
locked bedrooms.
Your fingerprint is
your key. This ensures
that only the room's designated
occupant may enter.
[TEACHER A] We need you to keep
yourselves under control.
[JIRO]
She for real?
Then what's the point
of all this crap?
Huh? There's five classes,
each with 15 guys and 15 girls.
So, I've got a 1-in-75 chance.
I hope that I'm
paired with a friend!
[JIRO]
Who am I kidding?
She has tons of friends and
she's not shy around me
because she doesn't
think of me as a man.
But if we were to get paired...
Let's check my luck!
If the hero defeats the boss
without taking damage,
he unlocks the side
route to the heroine.
From there, you go
straight through
the dungeon and sometimes...
♪
[JIRO]
Lancia? She's the worst!
Well, maybe that was
my bad luck for the day!
Only good news from here on out!
Why?! I'm stuck with you?
This is not ideal,
Miss, believe me!
[AKARI growls]
Please release me, madam.
Calm yourself.
Chill with the formal act,
robo-nerd, it's creepy.
Sorry 'bout that.
If you let me go,
I'll be cool, swear.
Yeah, like you're
capable of that!
[JIRO]
Let go.
[AKARI sighs] The school set
me up with a barf bag, yuck!
How'd they come up with
this crap pairing anyway?
It makes zero sense.
Hey, I'm a victim of this, too.
[AKARI]
What?!
Uh! Not that you
aren't just lovely,
but I kinda had someone else
I wanted to be partnered with.
And, based on how
you were acting today,
you have someone you want, too.
You wanted Sakurazuka, no doy.
[gasping]
Dude, it's obvious!
Sucks for you, though.
She'd never go out
with your lame ass.
[JIRO] Like you'd know
anything about her!
She's sorta plain,
but she's a cutie.
How does it feel knowing
another man's all
up on yo crush?
Promise you'll be
gentle with me.
Stop that!
I'm not gonna let you
disrespect her
with your wild speculations!
Buzzkill.
At least I'm not an asshole.
[BOTH gasp]
[AKARI] That's bogus! If we
don't get along, we lose points?
Negative ten thousand,
this is Jiro, we're on our way.
Cut the shit! You need to get
along with me! Right now!
That's impossible when
you act like such a brat!
Let's up our points
and get to A-rank
so we change our
pairing A-S-A-P!
[groans] You say that like
it's an actual option!
Rad, I got paired with
the rare idiot nerd
who didn't pay attention!
You missed this.
[JIRO] "At the end of every
month, those who score in the
top ten, the A-rank,
will be granted the right
to change pairings among
themselves" Really?
There's no way Minami will
be anything below A-rank!
So let's climb on up and
switch partners, yeah?
Wait a second, but
wouldn't that mean...
Just think about it!
Not a chance!
Why not?
If we're trying to reach A-rank,
then we would have to...
[AKARI laughs]
Dinner's ready.
[JIRO]
Looks divine.
[JIRO] Odds are I wouldn't
make it out of that alive.
[AKARI] Is the idea of
being close to a woman
too much for you, virg?
So what if we have to get tight?
It's gonna be totally worth it!
[JIRO] B-B-B-B-B-Boobies!
Boobies on my arm!
Soft yet firm, warm yet cool!
Just tell me you're in
and I'll do all I can
to be your perfect
little wife, Daddy.
Wait a second, are you
absolutely, 100% sure
you're okay with doing stuff
like that with a guy like me?
Yo, check it out, it worked!
Let's keep pushing this thing!
[JIRO grunts]
I'm not reading to push yet!
It's my first time
with this stuff.
I'm thirsty, I'm gonna
go buy a drink.
I'll take one strawberry milk.
Huh?!
We're married now, so you'll
buy it for me, won't you?
I guess.
[AKARI] I'm not gonna let
some other girl steal Minami
away from me. I'll do
whatever it takes.
It's my first time with
this stuff too, by the way.
[SHIORI] Thank you for going
along with my selfish request.
[JIRO gasps]
[JIRO]
For real?
You know, I'm really happy I
was paired with you, Tenjin.
I'm happy that I was
paired with you, too.
Let's use first names, Shiori.
That'd be nice, Minami.
[JIRO] What's going on?
I thought I'd be fine
if things between me
and her didn't work out!
Earth to mega-nerd!
You planning on
moping here forever?
"I mean, I'm up against Minami
Tenjin! A buzzkill virg like me
doesn't stand a chance
against that hunk!"
Don't do my voiceover!
Please just let me wallow,
I'm depressed.
[AKARI] Well, then.
Maybe I can cheer you up.
[JIRO gasps] You shouldn't
tease people! It's cruel!
[AKARI]
I wasn't teasing you.
For real. A legit wife would
comfort her husband,
don't you think? Let's get
serious and get to A-rank.
Think of it as prep for
the real deal. Come on.
What does "real deal" mean?
I'm not sure I'm
ready for that yet.
Well, moping around
like a sad sack's
not gonna do you any good. Yeah?
It's a lot for me! I'm not
like you. I'm not experienced.
[AKARI]
Huh?! That's totally irrelevant!
If you want something,
then go balls to the wall!
Or are you cool staying
a virg forever, virg?
Uhh...
[doorbell rings]
Uh, I'll get it!
Oh, hey!
Yo! Wassup? Wanna hit Aniroad?
[JIRO] Big-time, let's go now!
I've got places to be. See ya.
[AKARI]
Hold up.
You're ditching me while
we have negative points?
[JIRO] What am I supposed
to do about it?
Is it not obvious?
Give wifey a goodbye kiss.
Was that the set up for
a joke about kisu fish?
Huh?! Not everything is a
joke! Kiss me, dumb-dumb!
Huh?
[KAMO]
You ready, my man?
Pure little boy
can't handle it, huh?
Quick, I'm getting all antsy.
You seriously reek of virginity.
I'll break this door down, bro!
Some dudes just can't
handle a woman's body.
You two have fun
at incels anonymous!
[JIRO] Jeez, woman! Don't get
pissed about this later.
You had me thinking I'd have
to pal around with your ghost.
Sorry.
[JIRO] I didn't want
to let her get to me,
but she was being such a brat!
[AKARI gasping]
[AKARI] I only meant
a kiss on the cheek.
[SHIORI]
C'mon, Jiro, wake up!
[laughs]
Wait, Shiori?
Best get moving,
or I'll kiss you!
I'll take the kiss.
Lay it on me.
You're so silly. Fine.
Bonk! Bonk! Bonk!
[JIRO groans]
What kiss, dude? You perv.
Get your butt up and help me.
We have a day to live, lazy.
Huh?! It's morning?
[JIRO] I fell asleep on
the couch last night?
Yesterday was something else,
something amazing.
Don't do this, brain!
We like Shiori!
Piece of crap!
Why are you still sitting there?
Don't test me!
[JIRO yelps]
I'm up! Sorry!
[JIRO] Eventually, we
had made it a week.
Anyone here?
[gasps]
[TEACHER A]
Well, hello. Were you assigned
classroom duty, Yakuin?
Nah, but the guy who was
asked me to take over today.
[KAMO laughs]
[TEACHER A]
I see. That works out well.
I'd like to speak
with you and Watanabe.
Come here after school, please.
Huh?
It'll just be a quick
husband, wife meeting.
[JIRO]
All right.
[JIRO gasps]
[JIRO]
Ugh. I despise
how friggin' happy
Shiori and Tenjin look.
I figured if I looked all
depressed, she'd pay more
attention to me. Massive
failure on that front.
The thought alone shows
how desperate and miserable
I am. It's burned into my mind.
C'mere!
Something up, Shiori?
Is this okay? We are married.
Of course, but what
about that other guy?
[SHIORI] Do you mean Jiro?
Don't worry about that!
He's just a childhood
friend of mine.
You're so cool, Minami,
I had almost forgotten him!
[JIRO] The imagination
is a cruel place.
In retrospect, I definitely
should've packed that umbrella.
Don't worry, I'll share
mine with you, broski.
Awesome, I get to
snuggle up next to you?
You're lucky!
[JIRO] Jeez. When did our lives
get so damn boring?
Life's great, my free gacha pull
this morning landed me
a rare character in
a swimsuit skin.
[JIRO]
Good thing I covered your shift!
Buy me a reward.
No way, I just started
saving up for Marin today.
Marin simp alert.
[KAMO] Put some respect
on my girl's name!
Lady Marin.
Thank you. In the story for
this event, my sweet Marin
cooks the player
delicious omurice!
The tasty, egg-y nectar
filled my love meter
all the way up to the brim!
"But Kamo, you can't
really taste a JPEG!"
An image is meant to be savored
with the occipital lobe!
[JIRO]
You're insane.
[KAMO]
That part back there.
[AKARI]
Scram, dorks! You're in my way!
I'm getting home late today.
That's fine, but why?
We're going to karaoke
and Minami is coming with!
So, he can sing, too?
[AKARI]
Deuces!
[gasps] Hold on just a sec!
What's up?
I remember now, teach
wants to talk with us
in the faculty office.
It's about the practical.
Okay, I guess that
should take priority.
Psych! You handle it, dweeb!
Huh? Hey!
Is she for real?
Just when I thought my
day couldn't get worse.
Do you not see how
crazy lucky you are?
You've got your
cinnamon roll crush
and your hot, gyaru wife--
you're double-fisting females!
You're a harem anime protag!
Oh, shut up.
I bet I could live
off of Akari's
beautifully exhaled
carbon dioxide.
I've been feeling exactly
like carbon dioxide lately.
Huh...?
And that blond haired
jock is oxygen.
[TEACHER A]
It's absolutely necessary.
This practical isn't
about having fun
or making a new friend.
It's very important coursework.
Your score has remained
at a steady zero for an
entire week now. At this rate,
you won't be able to graduate.
Talk with Watanabe and figure
out how you can become
a happily married couple.
You sound like a total pro!
And your English is awesome,
I'm impressed.
I appreciate it.
Unfortunately, that was one of
the few songs I'm good at.
Do you know what song
you'd like to do?
Of course, I know,
Kana Higashino!
Here. I've heard you
sing and you're great.
Think so? Then I'm gonna
do my best just for you.
[sighs] Is it gonna
rain forever?
Try being a happy couple when
the one you're supposed to be
happy with is running around
with her real love interest.
[AKARI] Hey. I'm a little
worn out from singing
Can we take a breather
in the next room?
[JIRO screams]
Curse you, brain!
Get me outta here.
I'll suffer through the rain,
grab a convenience store
dinner, and head home.
[SHIORI] Hi, there!
You're up here pretty late.
Huh? Shio-- I mean, Sakurazaka?
What are you doing here?
We had a committee meeting
today. May I sit by you?
[JIRO]
Yeah, sure.
There's no end in sight,
is there?
Think not.
I forgot my umbrella.
[JIRO screams]
[JIRO]
Ah, I see.
[SHIORI yelps]
[screaming]
Uh? Oops, my bad. I thought
that was a real bug.
[JIRO] Fair, it's a very
lifelike doodle.
[sighs] When I first got
here, there was a huge one.
I thought it was back
to get me. Sorry.
It's all good,
just surprised me.
[JIRO]
Hm? Wait, then maybe...
[BUG A]
Gonna get ya!
Hey, so, uh, Sakurazaka?
Jiro. You know me.
Use my first name.
Call me "Shiori." Just like
you did when we were young.
Would you mind?
[JIRO] What is this? Is she
trying to tell me something?
I have no idea what's going on,
but if there's one
thing I'm sure of,
this is the time to be brave!
Sh-Sh-Shio--
[MINAMI]
Shiori.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[SHIORI]
Minami?
You're done? I thought you'd
be out late doing karaoke.
Brought your umbrella.
It occurred to me I saw it
sitting in the entryway
this morning. It's pretty small.
You two should go ahead!
I'm not very busy tonight,
so I think I'll wait it out
a little while longer here.
You sure?
Absolutely, I'll be A-okay.
See ya, Sakurazaka. Be safe.
[gasps]
[AKARI]
Yo.
I'm saving you.
Look happy, please.
Ugh, this sucks!
Sharing an umbrella is supposed
to be flirty and romantic.
You screwed up the perfect
opportunity to run off
with your crush and have
some lovey-dovey alone time.
If you weren't such a
complete and utter weenie,
I'd be sharing an umbrella
with Minami right now.
I'm sorry.
You're gonna have
to grow a pair quick
if you wanna date this girl.
I'm sorry.
No, sir! Giving up
is not allowed!
For the both of our sakes,
you're gonna give it your all.
Got that?
Yesh.
Who's a good boy?
[JIRO] Jeez. I get the feeling
that was her way
of trying to help me.
I really am a weenie.
[AKARI]
Rain's chilling out.
[JIRO]
Looks like it.
Not to be complain-y,
but I'm starving.
Same. Convenience store food?
[AKARI]
Mm-mm.
I've got a plan.
[AKARI]
Dinner's ready!
[JIRO]
Non-JPEG omurice!
Looks yummy, huh?
Uh... uh-huh!
Uh! Hold on! You've gotta
take the ketchup slow.
It gets messy when it
spurts out too quick.
Wait, not there! Be a
little more gentle.
Yes, that's so good...
Every bite is filled
with my love. Eat up.
Thanks! Of course I will!
Yum!
I'm, like, a rockstar chef.
I'll chow down, too.
[JIRO]
Wait!
Just say "ah."
[AKARI]
Yeah, no, I'm not gonna do that.
Dude! Go along with it!
This is super
embarrassing for me!
Jeez, I'm done being sexy.
That's seriously good--
I told you I rock!
Uh?
♪
[JIRO gasps]
[JIRO] That's sick. Lady Marin
made you curry omurice?
Thanks for the save.
[KAMO]
The save from what?
[JIRO]
What was that? Why is my...
[AKARI] Why is my heart
pounding so fast?
[BOTH]
I don't understand.
[JIRO] Every night before taking
a bath, Watanabe emerges
from her room with an
even sexier expression
than usual. Why could that be?
The mystery was quickly solved.
[AKARI gasping]
[JIRO]
Th-That voice.
My body moved of its own accord,
despite knowing it was wrong.
Of course that's it!
I'm embarrassed at myself
for imagining differently!
Next time:
"Imagined, but Not Real."